Continue working in the same JavaScript (NOT TypeScript) + React + Tailwind CSS, mobile-first project.
The unified multi-step form, including Step 1: Background / Offenses, is already implemented and working.

In Step 1 (Background information / Offenses) there is a dropdown for offense type.
The current options are:

Felony

Misdemeanor

Infraction

This is incorrect.
The offense type dropdown should only allow:

Felony

Misdemeanor

The Infraction option must be removed from the dropdown so that users can no longer select it.

Important for this fix:
For this change, DO NOT perform any end-to-end (e2e) tests or automated full-flow testing.
I will manually confirm the change myself.

Business requirement – Correct offense type options

Update Step 1 (Background / Offenses) so that:

The offense type dropdown includes only:

Felony

Misdemeanor

The Infraction option is completely removed from:

The rendered dropdown UI.

Any static list/enum used to populate that dropdown.

The rest of the Step 1 behavior must remain unchanged:

Users can still add multiple offenses (dynamic “Add another offense” UI).

Other fields such as offense description, month/year of release, and any associated programs remain as they are now.

If any existing form validation or schema code expects "infraction" as a possible value, update it so that it no longer expects or accepts "infraction" and treats only "felony" or "misdemeanor" as valid offense types.

Acceptance criteria (Given / When / Then)
Scenario: Offense type dropdown no longer shows “Infraction”

Given the user is on Step 1: Background / Offenses of the multi-step form

When they open the offense type dropdown for any offense entry

Then:

The dropdown shows only:

Felony

Misdemeanor

The Infraction option is not visible anywhere in the dropdown.

Scenario: New offenses can only be created as Felony or Misdemeanor

Given the user adds a new offense using the “Add another offense” functionality

When they select an offense type for this new offense

Then:

They can only choose Felony or Misdemeanor.

It is not possible to select or store Infraction via the UI.

Scenario: Validation and data handling remain consistent

Given the user completes Step 1 with one or more offenses

When the form validation runs and the user moves to the next step

Then:

Existing validation/required field logic still works correctly.

Any validation that previously referenced "infraction" is updated to only consider "felony" and "misdemeanor" as valid offense types.

No new validation errors are introduced solely by removing "infraction".

Scenario: No regressions in Step 1 behavior

Given Step 1 already supported:

Dynamic “Add another offense”

Month/year of release

Time-since-release calculation

LinkedIn-style chips for related programs (if present)

When this dropdown fix is implemented

Then:

All of the above behaviors continue to function correctly.

Only the set of offense type options has changed.

What I want you (Replit AI) to do

Assess the enhancement and identify the relevant code

Locate the component(s) responsible for rendering Step 1 (Background / Offenses).

Find where the offense type dropdown options are defined:

This might be a hard-coded array, a constant/enum, or values pulled from a config file.

Describe your understanding of the requirements

Explain in your own words:

That the offense type dropdown must only include Felony and Misdemeanor.

That "Infraction" must be removed from both the UI and any internal option list.

That no other Step 1 behavior should be changed.

Identify key considerations to avoid disrupting existing functionality

Ensure:

The dropdown still renders correctly and remains accessible on mobile and desktop.

Removing "Infraction" does not break any validation schemas, type checks, or form submission logic.

If there is any code that transforms or normalizes offense type values (e.g., lowercase storage), make sure it is still valid with only the remaining two values.

Propose best-practice UX for the updated dropdown

Confirm the labels remain user-friendly and clear:

Felony

Misdemeanor

Confirm that mobile users can still easily tap and select these options without layout issues.

Assess other best practices

Tailwind usage for the dropdown’s styling remains consistent.

If using a shared list of offense types, ensure that shared list is updated in one central place to avoid inconsistent options elsewhere in the app.

Generate a step-by-step implementation plan

At a minimum, include:

Step 1: Locate the offense type options definition (array/enum/config).

Step 2: Remove "Infraction" from that source of truth.

Step 3: Confirm the dropdown now renders only Felony and Misdemeanor.

Step 4: Check any validation logic or schema that references "infraction" and update it to only allow the remaining types.

Step 5: Manually test in the running app:

Open Step 1 and inspect the dropdown options.

Add multiple offenses and ensure each offense only allows Felony/Misdemeanor.

Advance to the next step to verify no new validation issues.

Keep the scope limited

Do not:

Change the names or labels of Felony and Misdemeanor.

Add any new offense types.

Modify other form fields or steps.

Only remove "Infraction" and update any related validation or configuration.

Propose a skeleton framework

Show a simplified example of what the updated options list might look like, for example:

const OFFENSE_TYPES = [
  { value: "felony", label: "Felony" },
  { value: "misdemeanor", label: "Misdemeanor" },
];


And how it’s used in the dropdown in JSX.

Do not modify any files yet

First, output your understanding of this change and your implementation plan.

Remember: do NOT perform any e2e tests for this fix—I will manually confirm it myself.

Wait for my confirmation that your approach is sound before updating the code.