Continue working in the same JavaScript (NOT TypeScript) + React + Tailwind CSS, mobile-first project.
The unified multi-step form is already implemented, including Step 2: Rehabilitative Programs and Skills & Strengths with:

LinkedIn-style chip inputs

Helper text instructing users to press Enter or tap + Add

A “+ Add” button embedded inside the right side of each input (positioned correctly)

Currently, the embedded “+ Add” button is too transparent / low contrast.
I want the button to use our existing orange secondary color so that it looks like a proper, clickable secondary action.

Important for this fix:
For this change, DO NOT perform any end-to-end (e2e) tests or automated full-flow testing.
I will manually confirm the change myself.

Business requirement – Use secondary orange color for “+ Add” button

Update the embedded “+ Add” button in Step 2 so that:

The button uses the app’s secondary orange color for its default (enabled) state, consistent with how we style other secondary actions in the project.

This should reuse existing design tokens / Tailwind utility classes used elsewhere for the secondary orange color (e.g., a shared button style, bg-..., or a custom Tailwind color from tailwind.config.js).

The button has sufficient contrast and does not appear overly transparent or “faded”.

Hover/focus styles should be consistent with our secondary color pattern (e.g., slightly darker/or lighter orange, or shadow).

The disabled state should still be visually distinct (e.g., reduced opacity or neutral background), but:

It must still be readable.

It must clearly indicate that it is disabled.

This change applies to both:

Rehabilitative Programs “+ Add” button

Skills & Strengths “+ Add” button

All existing behavior (adding chips, clearing input, Enter key support, helper text) must remain unchanged.

Acceptance criteria (Given / When / Then)
Scenario: Enabled “+ Add” button uses secondary orange

Given the user is on Step 2 and has typed valid text into either the Rehabilitative Programs or Skills & Strengths input

When the “+ Add” button is enabled

Then:

The button appears with our secondary orange styling (background and text/foreground color consistent with the project’s secondary color usage).

It no longer appears washed-out or overly transparent.

Hover/focus styles follow the same pattern used by other secondary orange buttons in the app.

Scenario: Disabled state still clearly disabled

Given the input is empty or only whitespace

When the “+ Add” button is disabled

Then:

The button appears visibly disabled, using whatever pattern we use elsewhere (e.g., reduced opacity, neutral background, no hover state).

It is still legible but clearly not interactive.

Clicking/tapping it does nothing.

Scenario: Behavior unchanged

Given the color/styling has been updated

When the user types and:

presses Enter, or

clicks the “+ Add” button

Then:

Chips are added exactly as before.

Inputs clear as before.

Helper text remains unchanged.

No regressions are introduced in Step 2.

What I want you (Replit AI) to do

Assess the enhancement and locate relevant code

Identify the JSX for the embedded “+ Add” button in both Rehabilitative Programs and Skills & Strengths inputs.

Determine how the secondary orange color is currently defined in the project:

Tailwind config custom color (e.g., bg-secondary, bg-orange-500, etc.), or

A shared button component or CSS class.

Describe your understanding of the requirements

Explain in your own words:

That the same orange secondary color used elsewhere must be applied to the enabled “+ Add” button.

That only visual styling is changing; behavior and layout must remain the same.

That disabled state should remain distinct but readable.

Identify key considerations to avoid disrupting existing functionality

Ensure:

The new color classes don’t conflict with existing Tailwind classes.

The button still fits visually inside the input (no overflow/clip issues).

The disabled variant uses an appropriate style (e.g., opacity-50, cursor-not-allowed) without breaking positioning.

Propose best-practice UX for secondary orange styling

Describe:

Background and text color choices for enabled state (e.g., orange background, white text).

Hover/focus styling (slightly darker/lighter orange, focus ring).

Disabled state styling (lower opacity, muted background, no hover).

Assess other best practices

Reuse existing CSS/Tailwind tokens for the secondary orange to keep the design consistent.

Maintain good color contrast for accessibility (orange vs white text, etc.).

Ensure the button is still clearly visible on light/dark backgrounds.

Generate a step-by-step implementation plan

At a minimum include:

Step 1: Locate the “+ Add” button JSX and existing Tailwind classes.

Step 2: Replace or augment its classes to use the project’s secondary orange color for the enabled state (e.g., bg-secondary-orange, bg-orange-500, text-white, etc.).

Step 3: Ensure the disabled state uses appropriate styles (opacity-50, cursor-not-allowed) without overriding the orange color logic incorrectly.

Step 4: Manually test in the running app:

With valid input (enabled state, hover/focus).

With empty input (disabled state).

On both Rehabilitative Programs and Skills & Strengths inputs.

On mobile and desktop layouts to confirm visibility.

Keep the scope limited

Do not:

Change button placement or input layout.

Alter chip logic, validation, or any other fields.

Only adjust the color/style of the “+ Add” button to use the secondary orange.

Propose a skeleton framework

Provide a simplified example of updated classes, for example (using placeholder names—you should replace with the actual secondary orange classes used in this project):

<button
  type="button"
  onClick={handleAddProgram}
  disabled={!programInput.trim()}
  className={clsx(
    "absolute inset-y-0 right-1 my-auto px-3 text-xs font-medium rounded-md transition-colors",
    programInput.trim()
      ? "bg-secondary-orange text-white hover:bg-secondary-orange-dark focus-visible:outline-none focus-visible:ring-2 focus-visible:ring-offset-1"
      : "bg-secondary-orange/60 text-white opacity-50 cursor-not-allowed"
  )}
>
  + Add
</button>


Clarify that you will replace bg-secondary-orange / bg-secondary-orange-dark with whatever classes or tokens are already defined for the project’s orange secondary color.

Do not modify any files yet

First, output your understanding of this change and your implementation plan.

Remember: do NOT perform any e2e tests for this fix—I will manually confirm it myself.

Wait for my confirmation that your approach is sound before updating the code.