Continue working in the same JavaScript (NOT TypeScript) + React + Tailwind CSS, mobile-first project.
The Documents Page, swipeable narratives, response letter, regeneration logic, 3x-per-document limits, and the updated button layout (Copy/Download on top row, Regenerate on its own row below) are already implemented and working.

Right now, when the Regenerate button is disabled (after 3 regenerations), the tooltip appears centered but below the button, which causes it to be cut off by the container it is in.

I want to change this so that the tooltip always appears above the Regenerate button, not below.

Important for this fix:
For this change, DO NOT perform any end-to-end (e2e) tests or automated full-flow testing.
I will manually confirm the change myself.

Business requirement – Tooltip must appear above the Regenerate button

Update the tooltip behavior for the Regenerate button so that:

The tooltip is anchored to the same Regenerate button as before.

The tooltip appears above the button (top direction), not below it.

The tooltip remains horizontally centered relative to the button (or close enough that the association is clear).

The tooltip text is fully visible and not cut off by parent containers, in both:

Mobile/small-screen view

Full-size / desktop view

The existing behavior for:

When the tooltip shows (after 3 successful regenerations, on hover/focus/tap of the disabled button), and

What message it shows (gentle suggestion to copy into another AI tool or work with a trusted advisor)
must not change, only the direction/position of the tooltip.

This change applies to:

Each narrative card with a disabled Regenerate button (after 3 regenerations).

The pre-adverse action response letter card with a disabled Regenerate button (after 3 regenerations).

Acceptance criteria (Given / When / Then)
Scenario: Tooltip above Regenerate button (narratives)

Given the user has regenerated a specific narrative 3 times, hitting the limit

When they hover/focus/tap the disabled Regenerate button on that narrative card

Then:

The tooltip appears above the button (top direction), not below.

The tooltip text is fully visible and not cut off by the narrative card or its container.

The tooltip remains clearly associated with the Regenerate button (e.g., centered horizontally).

Scenario: Tooltip above Regenerate button (response letter)

Given the user has regenerated the pre-adverse action response letter 3 times, hitting the limit

When they hover/focus/tap the disabled Regenerate button on the letter card

Then:

The tooltip appears above the button.

The tooltip text is fully visible and not cut off.

The message remains the same gentle suggestion as before.

Scenario: Behavior on mobile vs desktop

Given the user is on a mobile/small-screen device or on a full-size/desktop screen

When they trigger the disabled Regenerate button’s tooltip

Then:

On both screen sizes, the tooltip appears above the button and is fully readable.

The tooltip does not render off-screen or underneath other UI elements.

Scenario: No functional regressions

Given the regeneration and 3x limit logic were already working correctly

When the tooltip direction is changed to appear above the button

Then:

3x regeneration limits per narrative and per letter remain enforced.

Regeneration counts, disabled states, and tooltip triggers still persist across refreshes as before.

The button layout (Copy/Download row + Regenerate row) stays as implemented.

Swipe carousel, Download, Copy, and all other features continue to work as before.

What I want you (Replit AI) to do

Assess the enhancement and current tooltip implementation

Identify the tooltip component / logic used for the disabled Regenerate button (for narratives and letter).

Determine how the tooltip’s position/direction is currently controlled:

Is there a placement prop?

Are we using a custom popover/tooltip with Tailwind + absolute positioning?

Are we using a UI library that supports top, bottom, left, right placements?

Describe your understanding of the requirements

Explain in your own words:

That the tooltip position must be changed from below the button to above the button.

That the activation behavior, message content, and 3x-limit logic remain exactly the same.

That the purpose is to prevent clipping by the container by changing direction, not by adding complex layout changes.

Identify key considerations to avoid disrupting existing functionality

Ensure that:

The tooltip remains anchored to the Regenerate button.

Changing the direction to “top” does not cause overlap with other UI elements (e.g., card titles).

The tooltip remains accessible (hover/focus/tap still work; ARIA attributes stay valid if present).

Propose best-practice UX for an “above” tooltip

How the tooltip should behave on:

Desktop (hover/focus)

Mobile (tap/long-press or first tap to show, second to dismiss)

How to keep the tooltip within viewport bounds when rendered above the button (e.g., slightly adjusting top offset, using translate-y in Tailwind, etc.).

Assess other best practices

Tailwind usage for positioning (e.g., using absolute, bottom-full, mb-2, translate-x-1/2, left-1/2, etc., if it’s custom).

Consistent styling and behavior for tooltips across narrative and letter cards.

Optional ARIA attributes for accessible tooltip behavior (e.g., aria-describedby).

Generate a step-by-step plan to implement this fix

At a minimum include:

Step 1: Locate the tooltip logic for the Regenerate button (narratives + letter).

Step 2: Change the tooltip placement / positioning:

If using a library: update the placement (e.g., from bottom to top).

If using custom Tailwind-based CSS: adjust classes to position the tooltip above the button (bottom-full or similar) and center it horizontally.

Step 3: Ensure the tooltip’s z-index is sufficient to appear above surrounding elements without being hidden.

Step 4: Manually test in the UI:

Narrative card after 3 regenerations

Letter card after 3 regenerations

Mobile and desktop views

Step 5: Confirm that only the direction/position has changed; the logic, limit, and message are unchanged.

Keep the scope limited

Do not:

Change the 3x regeneration logic.

Change the tooltip’s text/message.

Change the button layout (Copy/Download on top row, Regenerate on its own row).

Only adjust tooltip placement and any necessary positioning classes.

Propose a skeleton framework

Show a simplified example of how the tooltip will be positioned above the button, for example (if custom):

<div className="relative inline-block">
  <button disabled className="...">
    Regenerate
  </button>
  {isAtLimit && isTooltipVisible && (
    <div className="absolute bottom-full mb-2 left-1/2 -translate-x-1/2 z-50 ...">
      {/* Tooltip content */}
    </div>
  )}
</div>


Or, if using a component library, show how you will set its placement or equivalent prop to top / top-center.

Do not modify any files yet

First, output your understanding of this tooltip-direction change and your implementation plan.

Remember: do NOT perform any e2e tests for this fix—I will manually confirm it myself.

Wait for my confirmation that your approach is sound before updating the code.