Continue working in the same JavaScript (NOT TypeScript) + React + Tailwind CSS, mobile-first project.
In the unified multi-step form, Step 1 collects Background / Offense information and allows the user to “Add another” background/offense entry.

Current issues:

The user can click “Add another” even when the current/previous background entry is empty (no required fields filled).

The user can click “Add another” endlessly, creating unlimited empty entries.

Desired behavior:

The user must not be able to add another background entry unless the required fields in the previous entry are filled out.

For MVP, the user should be able to add a maximum of 5 background entries. After that, they should not be allowed to add more.

Important for this fix:
For this change, DO NOT perform any end-to-end (e2e) tests or automated full-flow testing.
You may do local/component-level checks only. I will manually confirm the behavior in the UI.

Business requirement – Guard “Add another” behavior and limit backgrounds to 5

In Step 1 – Background / Offenses:

Required fields must be complete before adding another entry

Each background/offense “row” (entry) has a set of required fields (e.g., charge type, severity, disposition, year, etc. — whatever is currently required in the implementation).

The “Add another” action must be blocked unless:

All required fields in the last (most recent) entry are valid and non-empty.

The user must not be able to stack multiple empty entries.

Maximum 5 background entries

The user should be allowed to create up to 5 background/offense entries.

Once there are 5 entries:

The “Add another” button should be disabled (or hidden) so the user cannot add a 6th entry.

Optionally display a small note indicating the limit has been reached (e.g., “You can add up to 5 entries.”).

UX feedback

If the user tries to add another entry while the current one has missing required fields:

Either:

Disable the “Add another” button until the required fields are filled, or

If you keep the button enabled, show inline validation errors and do not append a new entry when clicked.

The behavior should be consistent with how validation is handled elsewhere in the form (inline errors, etc.).

Acceptance criteria (Given / When / Then)
Scenario: Cannot add another when current entry is incomplete

Given the user is on Step 1: Background / Offenses

And the current (last) background entry has one or more required fields empty or invalid

When the user attempts to click “Add another”

Then:

A new background entry is not added.

The user receives clear feedback:

Either the “Add another” button is disabled until the entry is complete, or

Inline validation errors are shown on the missing required fields.

Scenario: Can add another only when current entry is valid

Given the user is on Step 1

And the current background entry’s required fields are all filled and valid

When the user clicks “Add another”

Then:

A new, empty background entry is added to the list.

The user can now fill in the new entry’s fields.

The form still enforces the same rule for the new last entry (must be valid before adding another).

Scenario: Maximum of 5 entries

Given the user has already added 5 background entries (regardless of whether they are all filled)

When they try to add another entry

Then:

The user cannot add a 6th entry:

The “Add another” button is disabled or hidden.

Optionally, the UI may display a small note such as:

“You can add up to 5 background entries.”

Scenario: Existing entries remain editable

Given the user has multiple background entries (up to 5)

When they edit any of the existing entries

Then:

They can still modify values, correct errors, or delete entries as currently supported.

The max 5 entries rule applies only to adding new entries, not editing existing ones.

What I want you (Replit AI) to do

Assess the current Step 1 implementation

Locate the component responsible for Step 1 – Background / Offenses:

Identify how background entries are stored (likely an array in form state).

Find the “Add another” button handler (e.g., something like handleAddBackground()).

Identify:

Which fields within a single background entry are currently marked as required in the validation schema or UI.

Describe your understanding of the requirements

Explain in your own words:

The user must not be able to add another background entry if the last entry’s required fields are not filled/valid.

The number of background entries must be limited to 5.

UX should give clear feedback (disabled button and/or inline errors).

Identify key considerations to avoid disrupting existing functionality

Ensure:

The way changes are validated is consistent with the existing form validation approach (e.g., using Yup/Zod/custom validation).

Removing/deleting entries (if allowed) still works correctly and doesn’t break the “max 5” logic.

The multi-step progress and navigation still function as before.

Propose the UX and validation behavior

Decide the pattern:

Preferred for MVP:

Disable the “Add another” button when:

The last entry has missing required fields, or

The total number of entries is already 5.

Optionally add helper text explaining why.

Or:

Let the user click, but validate and block adding if the last entry is invalid, showing inline errors.

Use Tailwind classes to:

Style the disabled button appropriately (opacity-50, cursor-not-allowed, etc.).

Align error messages with existing form styling.

Generate a step-by-step implementation plan

At a minimum include:

Step 1: Identify the data structure for background entries (e.g., backgrounds: BackgroundEntry[]).

Step 2: Identify which fields of a BackgroundEntry are required (e.g., offenseType, offenseCategory, year, etc., depending on the current implementation).

Step 3: Implement a helper function, e.g. isBackgroundEntryValid(entry), that:

Checks all required fields are present and valid (e.g., non-empty strings, valid dates).

Step 4: Update the “Add another” handler or button:

Before adding a new entry:

Check if backgrounds.length < 5.

Check that the last entry passes isBackgroundEntryValid.

If conditions are not met, do not push a new entry and show appropriate feedback.

If conditions are met, append a new empty entry.

Step 5: Add a limit check in the UI:

Disable or hide the “Add another” button when backgrounds.length >= 5.

Optionally show a hint: “You can add up to 5 background entries.”

Step 6: Manually test:

Start with 1 empty entry → try to click “Add another” → ensure it doesn’t add and any validation/disabled state is correct.

Fill the first entry → click “Add another” → ensure the second entry appears.

Repeat until 5 entries → verify you cannot add a 6th.

Check editing existing entries still behaves correctly.

Keep the scope limited

Do not:

Change other steps’ behavior or input requirements.

Alter any other multi-entry sections (e.g., programs, skills) unless explicitly required.

Only adjust:

The Step 1 Background / Offenses “Add another” behavior.

The limit of maximum entries (5).

Any necessary validation wiring for that step.

Propose a skeleton framework

Provide a simplified example of how this might look in code:

const MAX_BACKGROUNDS = 5;

function isBackgroundEntryValid(entry) {
  // Replace field names with your actual ones
  return (
    entry.offenseType?.trim() &&
    entry.offenseCategory?.trim() &&
    entry.year &&
    // any other required fields...
    true
  );
}

const canAddAnother =
  backgrounds.length < MAX_BACKGROUNDS &&
  isBackgroundEntryValid(backgrounds[backgrounds.length - 1]);

// ...
<div className="mt-4">
  <Button
    type="button"
    onClick={handleAddBackground}
    disabled={!canAddAnother}
    className="w-full sm:w-auto"
  >
    Add another background
  </Button>
  {backgrounds.length >= MAX_BACKGROUNDS && (
    <p className="mt-1 text-xs text-muted-foreground">
      You can add up to 5 background entries.
    </p>
  )}
</div>


handleAddBackground should:

Check canAddAnother and only push a new entry when allowed.

Do not run e2e tests

For this prompt:

You may update the Step 1 component and any related validation helper.

You may perform manual checks or light component-level tests.

Do NOT run or modify any end-to-end (e2e) test suites; I will manually verify the behavior.