Continue working in the same JavaScript (NOT TypeScript) + React + Tailwind CSS, mobile-first project.
The unified multi-step form includes Step 9: Reinforcing Your Qualifications, which has:

A toggle to enable using the resume and job posting.

When toggled ON, it reveals:

A “Your Resume (Text Only)” text area.

A Job Posting text area.

I want to update the helper text for the Resume field so that it clearly warns users not to include personal information, and I want that warning to stand out visually.

Important for this fix:
For this change, DO NOT perform any end-to-end (e2e) tests or automated full-flow testing.
You may do local/component-level checks only. I will manually confirm in the UI.

Business requirement – Add a prominent “Do not include any personal information” note

When the Step 9 toggle is ON and the Resume text area is visible:

The Resume label and helper text currently say something like:

Label: Your Resume (Text Only)

Helper text:

“Paste the text content of your resume. This helps us highlight your relevant experience and skills.”

I want to append the following sentence immediately after that helper text, and make it stand out:

“Do not include any personal information.”

The final helper text should read conceptually like:

“Paste the text content of your resume. This helps us highlight your relevant experience and skills. Do not include any personal information.”

The “Do not include any personal information.” part must be visually emphasized, for example by:

Bold text, and/or

Using a warning/secondary color (e.g., orange secondary or a clear warning tone) while still remaining accessible and readable.

This change applies only to the Resume helper text in Step 9 (Reinforcing Your Qualifications), not to other fields.

Acceptance criteria (Given / When / Then)
Scenario: Resume helper text with strong privacy warning

Given the user is on Step 9: Reinforcing Your Qualifications

And the toggle to use the resume and job posting is ON

When the “Your Resume (Text Only)” field is visible

Then:

The helper text under the Resume text area includes both:

The existing explanation about using resume content to highlight experience and skills, and

The new sentence: “Do not include any personal information.”

The “Do not include any personal information.” part is visually emphasized (e.g., bold and/or in a warning/secondary color) so it clearly stands out to the user.

Scenario: No change when toggle is OFF

Given the user is on Step 9 and the toggle is OFF

When the Resume field is hidden

Then:

No Resume helper text is visible (same as current behavior).

No other parts of the step are affected.

Scenario: Job Posting helper text unchanged

Given the user is on Step 9 with the toggle ON

When they look at the Job Posting text area

Then:

The Job Posting label and helper text remain as they currently are (unless already modified by prior prompts).

Only the Resume helper text gains the added “Do not include any personal information.” warning and emphasis.

What I want you (Replit AI) to do

Assess the Step 9 implementation

Locate the component and JSX for Step 9: Reinforcing Your Qualifications.

Identify the existing label and helper text for the Resume text area (shown when the toggle is ON).

Describe your understanding of the requirements

Explain in your own words:

That you need to append “Do not include any personal information.” to the Resume helper text.

That this new sentence must be visually emphasized so it’s hard to miss.

That no other helper texts should be changed.

Identify key considerations to avoid disrupting existing functionality

Ensure:

The toggle ON/OFF behavior remains the same.

Validation rules (resume/job posting required when toggle is ON) are unaffected.

The layout remains mobile-friendly and the helper text wraps gracefully on small screens.

The warning styling remains accessible (good contrast, readable font size).

Propose best-practice UX and styling

Suggest how to implement emphasis, for example:

Use a <span> wrapping the warning sentence with:

font-semibold or font-bold

And/or a color class that fits your design (e.g., your orange secondary or a warning color like text-amber-700 with bg-amber-50 if you want a subtle highlight).

Keep the overall helper text as a single block of text, but make the warning visually distinct.

Generate a step-by-step implementation plan

At a minimum include:

Step 1: Locate the JSX for the Resume text area in Step 9.

Step 2: Update the helper text string to include the new sentence in the copy:

“Paste the text content of your resume. This helps us highlight your relevant experience and skills. Do not include any personal information.”

Step 3: Wrap the “Do not include any personal information.” part in a span (or similar) with emphasis styling (e.g., bold + warning color).

Step 4: Verify the updated helper text appears only when the toggle is ON.

Step 5: Manually test on mobile and desktop to ensure the helper text looks good and is readable.

Keep the scope limited

Do not:

Change validation logic for Step 9.

Modify Job Posting helper text or any other steps’ labels.

Alter toggle behavior or generateResponseLetter logic.

Only adjust:

The copy and styling of the Resume helper text to include the emphasized privacy warning.

Propose a skeleton framework

Provide a simplified example of the updated Resume field JSX, for example:

<div>
  <label className="block text-sm font-medium">
    Your Resume (Text Only)
  </label>
  <textarea
    value={resumeText}
    onChange={e => setResumeText(e.target.value)}
    className="mt-1 w-full border rounded-md px-3 py-2 text-sm min-h-[120px]"
    placeholder="Paste the text of your resume here..."
  />
  <p className="mt-1 text-xs text-gray-600">
    Paste the text content of your resume. This helps us highlight your relevant
    experience and skills.{" "}
    <span className="font-semibold text-amber-700">
      Do not include any personal information.
    </span>
  </p>
</div>


Replace text-amber-700 with your actual secondary orange or appropriate warning color if you prefer.

Do not run e2e tests

For this prompt:

You may update the Step 9 component and helper text styling.

You may perform manual checks or simple component-level tests.

Do NOT run or modify any end-to-end (e2e) tests; I will manually verify the behavior.